See below the project description given after selecting my dissertation topic:

Project Description: This project will be undertaken from the viewpoint of meeting the requirements of a hypothetical business. 
Beacon Inc. is a successful SME that is in a transitional phase of significant growth from its micro-enterprise beginnings. 
It offers software and hardware systems to the emergent market of proximity-based retail and marketing, see here for an overview of the technology and capabilities: http://www.ibeacon.com/what-is-ibeacon-a-guide-to-beacons/  


Beacon Inc. want to move their on-premises data and compute capability to the cloud to support its long-term growth predictions. 
As such you are required to provide an analysis, by undertaking a critical literature review that explores the pro/cons of moving to cloud from a business perspective and includes a technical critique of PaaS vs. IaaS and data security/privacy implications. 
The technical review must also cover the possibility of being able to move resources between cloud vendors with minimal configuration and downtime (interoperability). 

 
You are also required to research and provide a cost/feature comparison matrix (comparing multiple cloud vendors) for the required resource requirements. 
As part of your analysis you will also be expected to produce a significant risk analysis outlining potential issues of moving on-premises resources to the cloud (backed up with academic and other relevant literature), 
and significant backup and alternative planning contingencies to ensure business continuity. 

 
Following on from the critical analysis you will also provide a mandatory blueprint in the form of a significant technical diagram that visualises the on-premises resources mapped to a redesigned cloud infrastructure that is capable of scaling. 
You will design, test and deploy  cloud infrastructure using a tool such as Terraform that deploys the cloud infrastructure. 
The actual resources that need to be migrated are negotiable, however the core requirement in this respect will need to be met to ensure viability as a final year project. 
Given the nature of this project and development challenges, only students with cloud skills and a willingness to learn new skills should undertake this project. 


For the purposes of the project, the below on-premises services should be migrated to cloud:

Physical network topology:
      1x network with x3 subnets
Virtual Machines A
      2x Virtual machines for web apps
      Machines should be load-balanced
Virtual Machines B:
      2x Virtual Machines for SQL
      Machines should be internally load-balanced
Other requirements
      Blob/bucket storage (public and private)
      Appropriate firewall/security settings
      Other cloud services as appropriate.

All the above should be created and deployed using Infrastructure-as-Code approaches only, for example (and preferably) Terraform as this is a cross-platform IaC tool.
